Revise crates section, add seeding guide (#25)
rust-random/book: src/guide-seeding.md

### Fresh entropy

Using a fresh seed (direct from the OS) is easy using [`SeedableRng::from_entropy`]:

```rust,editable
use rand::prelude::*;
use rand_chacha::ChaCha20Rng;

let rng = ChaCha20Rng::from_entropy();
```

Note that this requires `rand_core` has the feature `getrandom` enabled.

### Another RNG

Quite obviously, another RNG may be used to fill a seed. We provide a
convenience method for this:

```rust,editable
use rand::prelude::*;
use rand_pcg::Pcg64;

let rng = Pcg64::from_rng(thread_rng());
```

But, say you want to save a key and use it later. For that you need to be a
little bit more explicit:

```rust,editable
use rand::prelude::*;
use rand_chacha::ChaCha8Rng;

let mut seed: <ChaCha8Rng as SeedableRng>::Seed = Default::default();
thread_rng().fill(&mut seed);
let rng = ChaCha8Rng::from_seed(seed);
```

**Obligatory warning**: a few simple PRNGs, notably [`XorShiftRng`],
behave badly when seeded from the same type of generator (in this case, Xorshift
generates a clone). For cryptographic PRNGs this is not a problem;
for others it is recommended to seed from a different type of generator.
[`ChaCha8Rng`] is an excellent choice for a fast, non-cryptographic

> deterministic master generator.

Reviewer: Maybe we should mention that this is still a cryptographic generator, although with a small security margin?

Author: As far as I understand this is never recommended for cryptographic uses though. You think the language is confusing? I prefer not to be too verbose.

Reviewer: I think it's fine with your new comment!

### A simple number

For some applications, especially simulations, all you want are a sequence of
distinct, fixed random number seeds, e.g. 1, 2, 3, etc.

[`SeedableRng::seed_from_u64`] is designed exactly for this use-case.
Internally, it uses a simple PRNG to fill the bits of the seed from the input
number while providing good bit-avalance (so that two similar numbers such as
0 and 1 translate to very different seeds and independent RNG sequences).

```rust,editable
use rand::prelude::*;
use rand_pcg::Pcg64;

let rng = Pcg64::seed_from_u64(2);
```

> Note that a number with 64-bits or less **cannot be secure**, so this should

Reviewer: Maybe add "because it can be guessed by brute force"?

Author: But is it necessary? This isn't a section on cryptography; it's merely there as a warning.

Reviewer: Fair enough!

> not be used for applications such as gambling games.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
not be used for applications such as cryptography or gambling games.
```

### A string, or any hashable data

Say you let users enter a string to seed the random number generator. Ideally,
all parts of the string should influence the generator and making only a small
change to the string should result in a fully independent generator sequence.

This can be achieved via use of a hash function to compress all input data down
to a hash result, then using that result to seed a generator. The

> [`rand_seeder`] crate is designed for just this purpose.

Reviewer: I think may require a disclaimer that `rand_seeder` was not reviewed for cryptographic applications?

Author: Ach, forgot that bit!

0 and 1 translate to very different seeds and independent RNG sequences).

```rust,editable
use rand::prelude::*;
use rand_pcg::Pcg64;

let rng = Pcg64::seed_from_u64(2);
```

Note that a number with 64-bits or less **cannot be secure**, so this should
not be used for applications such as cryptography or gambling games.

### A string, or any hashable data

Say you let users enter a string to seed the random number generator. Ideally,
all parts of the string should influence the generator and making only a small
change to the string should result in a fully independent generator sequence.

This can be achieved via use of a hash function to compress all input data down
to a hash result, then using that result to seed a generator. The
[`rand_seeder`] crate is designed for just this purpose.

```rust,editable
use rand::prelude::*;
use rand_seeder::{Seeder, SipHasher};
use rand_pcg::Pcg64;

let rng: Pcg64 = Seeder::from("stripy zebra").make_rng();

// Or, more explicitly:
let hasher = SipHasher::from("a sailboat");
let hasher_rng = hasher.into_rng(); // this is a full RNG: use it directly if you want
let mut seed = [0u8; 16];

> hasher_rng.fill(&mut seed);

Reviewer 2: At this point someone would use `next()` or something like `gen_range()` to get their new number?

Author: Ah... the comment is saying that one can simply do `hasher_rng.gen_range(1, 7)` (and not seed a new RNG) if you wish.

How should I put this then?

Reviewer 2: Oh, so the `SipHasher::from("a sailboat")` and `let mut seed = [0u8; 16];
hasher_rng.fill(&mut seed);` are just two different ways to seed said RNG? If so I think just making that a little more clear in the comments would be fine.

Otherwise I think I was able to follow this a bit better than the previous examples.

Reviewer: The zeros from `[0u8; 16]` don't matter, because they get overwritten by the `hasher_rng.fill` call. (It is not possible to use an uninitialized array without resorting to `unsafe`, which is why it's initialized with zeros in the example.)

hasher_rng.fill(&mut seed);
```

> Note that `rand_seeder` has **not been reviewed** for cryptographic usage, nor
> is it obvious according to which criteria it should be reviewed.
> It is **not a password hasher** (such things must meet special criteria,
> such as including a salt and not being easily parallelizable;
> specific password-hashing algorithms *must*) be used).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that `rand_seeder` is **not suitable** for cryptographic usage.
It is **not a password hasher**, for such applications a key-derivation
function such as Argon2 must be used.
```
